# TurboTax 1099B Chrome Extensions

Before using this extension, please import your **1099-B** transactions into **TurboTax** via **Morgan Stanley at Work** integration. 

When enterinng Morgan Stanley credentials, make sure to remove special characters in the username, for example: DS-123456-00 -> DS12345600

Then follow these steps:

## Steps

1. **Navigate to the Transactions Page**  
   - Open **TurboTax** and go to:  
     **Federal** → **Wages & Income** → **MORGAN STANLEY SMITH BARNEY HOLD** → **Edit**  
   - You should see a list of transactions.

2. **Choose Your CSV File**  
   - Click the extension icon from your browser, a popup should show up. 
   - Click the **"Choose File"** button.  
   - The CSV data stays in memory while the extension is loaded. The storage is cleared if the extension is disabled, reloaded or updated and when the browser restarts. 
   - Choose a CSV file in the following format, (can be generated by AI from the 1099B PDF):

   ```csv
   Term,Description,CUSIP,Quantity,DateAcquired,DateSold,Proceeds,CostBasis,WashSaleLoss
   Short Term,UBER TECHNOLOGIES INC,90353T100,36.000000,01/16/24,01/17/24,2262.23,2291.40,29.17


3. **Start Processing, and you will observe the extension automatically fill in the cost basis.**
   - Click "Start Process".
   - Data should be automatically filled in the webpage.

4. **If the transaction list spreads across multiple pages**
   - When the transaction list spreads across multiple pages in TurboTax, manually navigating to each page is required.
   - When all the transaction in a page is done, navigate to the next page in TurboTax and click  "Start Process" in the popup again to start the process.
   - No need to re-process the CSV file - unless the extension is disabled, reloaded or updated and when the browser restarts.
  
## Disclaimer:
This tool is an utility for conveniences. Mistakes could be made, and it's users' responsibility to ensure the data input is correct!
